---
starred: false
title: ''
datePublished: '2016-07-22T01:27:57.340Z'
dateModified: null
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-07-22-d0709352-1f9b-47c1-9c53-3a19480a399a.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# Trinity defining terms

Trinity. "The word trinity is derived from Latin and Greek terms meaning three in one, or the one which is three, and the three which are one.... The word is not found in the Scriptures. Technical terms are, however, absolutely necessary in all sciences. In this case they have been made particularly essential because of the subtle perversions of the simple, untechnical Biblical statements by infidels and heretics.

# Trinity

Trinity. "The word trinity is derived from Latin and Greek terms meaning three in one, or the one which is three, and the three which are one.... The word is not found in the Scriptures. Technical terms are, however, absolutely necessary in all sciences. In this case they have been made particularly essential because of the subtle perversions of the simple, untechnical Biblical statements by infidels and heretics.

> This is a block quote. good one. 

## Another heading

**Trinity**. "The word _trinity_ is derived from Latin and Greek terms meaning three in one, or the one which is three, and the three which are one.... 

1. A list
2. srvond item
3. third item

The word is not found in the Scriptures. Technical terms are, however, absolutely necessary in all sciences. In this case they have been made particularly essential because of the subtle perversions of the simple, untechnical Biblical statements by infidels and heretics.

### A third heading 

Trinity. "The word trinity is derived from Latin and Greek terms meaning three in one, or the one which is three, and the three which are one.... The word is not found in the Scriptures. Technical terms are, however, absolutely necessary in all sciences. In this case they have been made particularly essential because of the subtle perversions of the simple, untechnical Biblical statements by infidels and heretics.